# About syllabus

- Established course goals

- There is a shift in tone between the two paragraphs

- Add note that this is a draft syllabus that will be adapted to the specific level, and state that we are not reading it all

- Only excerpts, etc.

- lower division course
- upper division course

- Make description shorter and include 

- Goals: analize, 

https://learning.nd.edu/stories/transparent-learning-goals-as-a-way-to-improve-teaching-effectiveness/

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1A8d_3a4ahEuuXZOHhVbb0PVjDBSz0sP5D15BfPqLt0U/edit?usp=sharing

https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/18nlI8Ki_eTQtFU7DqGe64WmynvrZmYtU

- Add weekly themes to Introduction

- Respect the order:

1. Description
2. Goals
3. Materials
4. Assesment

- In the advanced one, the assesments should be at the top.



# Cover letter

## Notas sueltas









- 

## P1

- Cerrar (o abrir) con una reflexión sobre la necesidad de un enfoque multidisciplinario para abordar el problema de la raza, que matches con la filosofía del programa --por ejemplo, analizando su relación con los problemas de justicia ambiental.

- I was excited to learn about [fellowship] from professor Vanesa Miseres. As the Director of Graduate Studies of the Spanish program in the University of Notre Dame, she is aware of the progress I have made in my dissertation project "The Cryptogamous Machine: Simón Rodríguez and the Cultural Technologies of Enlightened Racism", directed by professor Joshua Lund. Professor Lund also encouraged me to apply for this opportunity. For, as an M.A. in Journalism and a Ph.D. candidate in Spanish, I approach <el problema de la raza desde una perspectiva multidisciplinaria, alimentada por mi trabajo con sectores excluidos en el Sur Global>. Thus, we are confident that this background makes me a strong candidate for the award.

- why do I want the felowship (show that I did my research, "something )

## P2

- I believe earning the [fellowship name] would allow me to use my skills in [provide details about background and
qualifications]. After completing research in [provide details about research] I'm prepared to extend my knowledge and
contributions to the field. This fellowship aligns with my goals to [provide details here] and I look forward to using this
opportunity to gain experience and make an impact on this organization.

- En Venezuela y Argentina combiné el trabajo comunitario y cultural con comunidades sub-representadas, con el estudio y la enseñanza de la tradición escrita latinoamericana. En la academia norteamericana he tenido la oportunidad de capitalizar las experiencias adquiridas durante más de una década, en [keywords del post: key achievements, skills and specialities].

- ¿Proactividad?

- I'm eager to apply these skills in new and challenging
environments.

- Enfatizar que estoy en capacidad de sacarle el máximo provecho a la fellowship

- EHUM y IRR

- <Paralelamente a mi trabajo de investigación y docencia, y mi participación en> top tier conferences on my field <both as a presenter and chair>, desarrollé el proyecto de humanidades digitales ALAWiT: un mapa en progreso que mapea la historia de la edición y traducción de la literatura afro-latinoamericana.

- Usar keywords de la post en la descripción de mis habilidades

## P3

- Cerrar (o abrir) con una reflexión sobre la necesidad de un enfoque multidisciplinario para abordar el problema de la raza, que matches con la filosofía del programa --por ejemplo, analizando su relación con los problemas de justicia ambiental.

- Mi inclinación por el trabajo interdicsciplinario en colaboración (extrapolar lo de EHUM a lo que haría en los seminarios del fellowship)

- final statement to persuade readers why you're the best
candidate for the fellowship along with a simple thank you to acknowledge the reader's time and consideration

- get your reader's attention and leave a lasting impression on your potential employer

- concluding sentences that describe your goals and what you plan to accomplish through this fellowship

- As a skilled [name of field], I'm ready to [state goals here]. My attached CV provides further details about my background and
experience. Thank you for your consideration, and I look forward to hearing more about [name of fellowship].

- "Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to learning more about the sales position and TradeLot. Growth is
essential to my continued success, and I'm excited for the chance to be a part of TradeLot's industry-leading team. My proven track
record and TradeLot's quality products are a winning combination for increasing the company's market share.
Sincerely,
Malik Rabb

## P4

- thank the
reader for their consideration and share that you hope to learn more about the fellowship soon

- Coger el sign-off del modelo 2:
