# Pomodoros

X Pedir rec. letters para Michigan
- Hacer roadmap para Michigan
	- Lista de requisitos
	- Abstract de la tesis actualizado
	- 
- Seguir avanzando en writing sample
- Mesa LASA:
		- Oriana
		- Oriette
		- Nicolás Gerardi
		- Jose Castellanos
- Revisar requisitos ISSA y esbozar roadmap


# Checklist for Michigan

- Research/scholarship proposal that outlines your scholarly work and includes your research plan for the fellowship period (2-3 pages; references, citations, formulas, and graphics do not count toward the page limit). (attach .pdf files only)

- Curriculum Vitae   *
A current version of your CV. (attach .pdf files only)

- Diversity, equity, and inclusion statement that describes your demonstrated commitment to and engagement with diversity, equity, and inclusion through scholarship/research, and/or teaching/mentoring, and/or service/engagement (1-3 pages). There may be some overlap with your research proposal and teaching statements. (attach .pdf files only)

- Teaching statement that describes your teaching philosophy, which may incorporate experience from formal or informal teaching and mentoring (1-3 pages). (attach .pdf files only)

- Dissertation Abstract

- Writing sample (2-3 samples; 35 pages maximum per writing sample. Examples include published or unpublished research papers, journal articles, dissertation chapter. References, citations, formulas, appendices, and graphics do not count toward the page limit). (attach .pdf files only)

- Reference Letters   *
IMPORTANT: If you are in draft mode, you MUST have a working title for "Informative title of your proposed research," otherwise your reference letter writers will not be able to submit their letters. You can change/update the title before your final submission, but you need to place a working title in before requesting reference letters so that the system will work properly. Application Deadline: Friday, September 8, 2023, by Midnight EDT Reference Letter Deadline: Monday, September 11, 2023, by Midnight EDT You are required to have three (3) reference letters, but may submit up to four (4). You will not be able to view reference letters once they are submitted. The reference letter requests will be sent upon submitting your application or clicking 'Send Letter Request' from a saved draft application. Unfortunately, we cannot accept late submission of any required application materials -- Application and reference letter deadlines are final and no exceptions will be made. Please be sure to communicate with your reference letter writers and plan for time zone differences. See website for eligibility requirements. Applications that do not meet the eligibility requirements, are incomplete, and/or not timely submitted will be declined. Questions about the LSA Collegiate Fellowship Program may be directed to lsacollegiate@umich.edu.

# Michigan Deck

- Prompt:
The Department of Romance Languages and Literatures at the University of Michigan invites applications to join our faculty through the LSA Collegiate Fellows Program (LCFP). As a department committed to a myriad of  diversity, research excellence, and cross-cultural approaches, we encourage applications from scholars with a demonstrated commitment to writing and instruction that reflect the broad range of the regions we study and the world we serve.

The Collegiate Fellows Program is administered through the College of Literature Science and the Arts (LSA). The program seeks outstanding early-career or new associate professors whose teaching and mentoring, AND/OR, research and scholarship, AND/OR service and engagement will contribute to our interconnected goals of excellence, diversity, equity, and inclusion. 

The LSA Collegiate Fellows Program aims to recruit and hire exceptional early-career faculty at two levels: as postdoctoral fellows/tenure-track assistant professors and early-in-rank tenured associate professors.

Applications are due Friday, September 8, 2023 at 11:59 p.m. ET, with reference letters due Monday, September September 11, 2023 by 11:59 p.m. ET.

The LSA Collegiate Fellows Program was launched in 2016 as a major college initiative aimed at promoting an intellectually rich and inclusive scholarly environment, recruiting and retaining exceptional early career faculty scholars, and supporting these outstanding scholars who are committed to working with college colleagues to build a diverse, equitable scholarly and learning community.  The program is administered by U-M’s National Center for Institutional Diversity (NCID) in conjunction with LSA academic departments. 



Postdoctoral Fellow/Assistant Professor Rank:

The early-career program provides either one to two years of postdoctoral fellowship support with tenure-track assistant professors offers to follow the fellowship period or immediate tenure-track appointments in LSA departments. Successful candidates will receive dedicated research time, mentorship, research and travel funding, and cohort- and program-based professional development opportunities related to scholarship and teaching. 

 

Associate Professor Rank:

The associate professor program seeks to hire early-in-rank associate professors or scholars in the year they are seeking promotion to associate rank. In their first year, successful candidates will participate in a cohort-based professional development program designed to support DEI leadership in their service and administrative roles. 

 

Eligibility: 

Applicants must apply through the application portal in order to be considered for the Collegiate Fellows Program (linked below).  A list of participating departments/units, eligibility requirements, and crucial application information can be found at http://myumi.ch/JYppY. Inquiries may be directed to lsacollegiate@umich.edu.


- Website: https://lsa.umich.edu/ncid/fellowships-awards/lsa-collegiate-postdoctoral-fellowship.html

- Application form: https://ncid.infoready4.com/#freeformCompetitionDetail/1908758

# Questions for Michigan

Are you interested in a joint tenure track appointment with another LSA department?



# Notes class

Grupo A

Bartosk (muy fluido y extrovertido)
Moira (muy fluida pero reservada)
Scarlett (muy fluida pero reservada)
Adolfo (muy fluido pero reservado)
Gavin (muy fluido y extrovertido)
Collin (más o menos fluido y extrovertido)
Frankie (más o menos fluida y extrovertida)
Caylie (muy fluida y extrovertida)

Grupo B

Ryan (un poco reservado, no tan fluido)
Lucy (muy introvertida, nada fluida)
Ellie (extroverida, un poco fluida)
Sophia (nada fluida, un poco extrovertida)
Reagan (muy introvertida, un poco fluida)
Gabriel (sumamente introvertido, nada fluido)
Smith (promedio en las dos)
Austin (más o menos extrovertido, fluidez normal)
Grace (introvertida y no tan fluida)

## Énfasis en asociar cara con nombre de:

- Smith
- Collin
- Austin
- Gabriel



## 5 normas de acentos y acentuación

TODAS las palabras tienen acentuación. Pero solo algunas tienen tilde o acento. Esta marca nos sirve, en la mayoría de los casos, para especificar la pronunciación. Así, por ejemplo se diferencia "miro" de "miró".

- Las graves CASI NUNCA llevan tilde o acento y son buena parte de las palabras en español. Son las que se acentúan en la penúltima sílaba. Y llevan acento o tilde solamente cuando terminan en una consonante que NO es ni "s" ni "n". Por ejemplo: frágil, cáncer. Piensa un ejemplo de palabra grave SIN acento y otro ejemplo de palabra grave CON acento.
- Las agudas llevan acento MÁS FRECUENTEMENTE. Son las palabras de más de una sílaba que se acentúan en la última sílaba. Este se agrega solamente cuando terminan en "n", "s" o vocal. Todos los sustantivos terminados en "ción", por ejemplo. También varias conjugaciones regulares del pretérito, como "amé" y "amó". Piensa un ejemplo de palabra aguda SIN acento y otro ejemplo de palabra aguda CON acento.
- Las esdrújulas se acentúan en la antepenúltima sílaba. Y SIEMPRE llevan acento o tilde. ¿Puedes pensar en algunos ejemplos?
- Diptongos e hiatos
	- feria / quería
- Los acentos diacríticos tienen solo una función semántica. No responden a las normas de acentuación general, pues las usamos para diferenciar dos palabras que suenan igual pero significan cosas diferentes. Por ejemplo, "sólo" lleva acento para diferenciarla de "solo". La primera palabra es un adverbio y significa "solamente". La segunda palabra es un adjetivo y significa "sin nadie más".

