ChatGTP told me:

To append ".html" to all the links when exporting the site to the _site folder in Jekyll, you can use a plugin or a custom script. Here's an example of how you can accomplish this using a custom script:

Create a new file called append_html_links.rb in the root directory of your Jekyll project.

In append_html_links.rb, add the following code:

require 'jekyll'

Jekyll::Hooks.register :documents, :post_render do |doc|
    doc.output.gsub!(/(href=["'])([^"']+)(["'])/) do
      link = $2
      if !link.end_with?(".html") && !link.start_with?("#") && !link.start_with?("http") && !link.start_with?("//") && !link.include?(".Library") && !link.include?(".Download") # take into considerations the exceptions
        %Q( href="#{link}.html")  # Modify the href attribute by appending .html
      else
        " " + $&  # Preserve the original href attribute as is
      end
    end
  end


In your _config.yml file, add the following line to enable the custom script:


plugins:
  - ./append_html_links.rb

Now, when you build your Jekyll site using the jekyll build command, the custom script will be executed as a plugin. It will modify the HTML output of each document in the _site folder and append ".html" to all the links that do not already have it.

But I built the site and the action didn't have effect. ho .html were added

Please note that using plugins requires Jekyll version 3.5.0 or higher. If you are using an earlier version, you may need to upgrade Jekyll or consider alternative approaches to achieve this functionality.

# Mail Luz Marina

Estimada Luz Marina:

Te escribo hoy como lector e investigador, aunque mi primera referencia tuya o relación contigo fue a través de vínculos más bien personales: la estrecha amistad que tuve con Karina en nuestra época pre-veinteañera de la universidad, y tu rol de prologuista en la biografía de mi abuela, escrita por mi madre.




# Jekyll plugin

> I have a following jekyll plugin recommended by chatgpt. But before using it I want to make some tests. I will be asking you questions in that regard.

Jekyll::Hooks.register :documents, :post_render do |doc|
  doc.output.gsub!(/(href=["'])([^"']+)(["'])/) do
    link = $2
    if !link.end_with?(".html") && !link.start_with?("#") && !link.start_with?("http") && !link.start_with?("//")
      %Q( href="#{link}.html")
    else
      " " + $&
    end
  end
end

## Fixes

exclude href links that:

	- contain ".Download" or ".Library"

	
	

