# Grants and Fellowships

- Viajes
	
	- En proceso
		13 al 18 de noviembre: Ghana (GSPDA + College + RLL)
		4th to 7th January: Philadelphia (MLA + GSG + GSPDA)
		14 al 22 de octubre: Sevilla (ISLA + Kellogg/ College + RLL)

	- En suspenso
		10 al 31 de enero / 9 al 31 de diciembre: Caracas y Bogotá

	- Por definir (corto plazo)
		19 al 26 de noviembre: Buenos Aires / Bogotá (ISLA + Kellogg + College)
	- Por definir (mediano plazo)
		- Quito (o donde esté lo de Manuela)
		- Nueva York
		- Bolivia
		- Indiannapolis
		- California
- Prioridades
	
	X Hacer cita con GF
	- Hacer aplicación a GSG (Ghana)
		- Event proposal
			● Type of your presentation: paper or poster or roundtable, etc.
					Paper
			● Description of the research that you will be presenting at the conference
				In my presentation, I explore the idea of "black creole consciousness," a concept rooted in the work of African American scholar W.E.B. Du Bois and developed by the Latin American scholar Walter Mignolo. This concept helps us understand the complexities of racial identity in Latin America. Mignolo argues that this "consciousness" stems from the Haitian revolution and offers a unique perspective distinct from the beliefs of white leaders during Latin American independence movements, which he calls "white creole consciousness." My focus is on three historical documents from the Spanish-American independence era that show how Afro-Caribbean culture influenced the ideas of the supposed "white Creole consciousness." These documents reveal contradictions that challenge simplified views of race in Latin America. By studying how Afro-Caribbean culture influenced the thinking of Spanish-American liberators, my research contributes to a broader understanding of how African heritage played a role in Latin American emancipation, reshaping worldviews and breaking down preconceptions about identity.

			● Description of the conference and how it is relevant to your research

				LASA/Africa 2023 is a groundbreaking event, the first of its kind, bringing together scholars worldwide to explore critical issues related to Latin America in the African context. This unique gathering promotes collaboration and addresses practical challenges through focused discussions. What's truly exceptional about this Congress is its inclusivity; unlike traditional LASA events, you don't need to be a LASA member to participate, making it accessible to a broader global audience. This openness encourages diverse perspectives and enriches the dialogue on Latin American issues within the African context. The conference is highly relevant to my research as it provides a unique opportunity to engage with scholars and discussions related with the impact of the African heritage on Latin Amrerican thought. It's a vital platform for advancing my research and collaborating with experts in the field.

			● How does the conference fit with your career trajectory?

					On the one hand, my research proposes to approach the problem of race in the Americas by tracing the debt that criollo thought owes to the discourses, actions and communicational techniques employed by groups of African and indigenous descent in the revolution. On the other hand, since 2021 I have been working with Professor Mark Sanders on the creation of the digital archive Afro Latin American Writers in Translation (alawit.org), which brings together in different languages works and fragments of the great tradition of literature produced by descendants of the African diaspora in Latin America.

			● Why this conference at this time?

					Regarding my research, my participation in this space is a crucial step in demonstrating the relevance of the corpus in which I specialize (revolutionary literature from the first half of the 19th century), which is not conventionally conceived as part of the discussion, to the conversation about Afro-Latinities. Regarding my work with alawit.org, a podcast promoting the archive by interviewing influential people in the field was selected for the MLA Public Humanities Incubator this year. The space of this conference is an ideal place to, on the one hand, promote this project, and on the other hand, do interviews that feed the podcast.

			● What are your future plans with the paper? Are you going to revise it as a
			journal article? Is it going to be part of dissertation?

					El paper será publicado como journal article, para ser enviado a the Afro-Hispanic Review

			● Concrete networking plans: have you scheduled appointments with specific scholars? Are you going to meet with future employers or potential collaborators? Mentioning the name of the keynote speaker is not enough.

			Aunque todavía espero el programa completo de la conferencia para tener un panorama completo de mis oportunidades de networking, he empezado a rastrear conexiones importantes que tendré la oportunidad de realizar en este evento. 

				Por un lado, será una importante oportunidad de conectar con la profesora Mara Viveros Vigoya, quien es una investigadora muy relevante, en una institución donde me interesa hacer vida profesional.
					https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mara_Viveros_Vigoya
				Por otro lado, pienso que los siguientes investigadores pueden ser colaboradores en el proyecto alawit.org.
					https://universitedemaroua.academia.edu/GeorgesMoukouti
					https://www.ug.edu.gh/modern-lang/staff/dr-joanna-boampong-spanish-section
					https://www.casafrica.es/en/person/maimouna-sankhe

		- Budget Overview
		- Upload the conference program, if available, highlighting your
session
	- Hacer aplicación a GSPDA (Ghana)
	
	- Hacer roadmap para ISLA
