# Clases

## Today

## Classes
x programar tarea hasta el 30 de octubre
x asignar evaluaciones hasta el 23 de octubre
x actualizar el global grade de la tarea
x preparar clases hasta el 9 de octubre
X actualizar asistencia
x mail students about:
	- planilla de autoevaluación

x Notas writing assesment 2 y 3

x recolectar reflexiones

x Bea Center about Ortner

# G & F
- Registro MLA
- Registro LASA África


# Next Monday

- programar tarea hasta el 27 de noviembre
- programar prueba 2
- Corrección writing assesment 4
- Corrección examen
- Corrección reflexiones
- planilla de early feedback

***

1. Romper el huevo en un bol, agrega sal y un chorrito de leche. Bate los ingredientes hasta que estén bien unidos.
2. Calienta una sartén a fuego mediano y pon el pedazo de manteca hasta que se derrita.
3. Bate un poco más el huevo. Echa el huevo en el centro de la sartén.
4. Con una espátula, atraviesa el huevo desde los bordes hacia el centro. Cuenta 5 segundos y repite la operación hasta cocer bien los huevos.

***

Dear sir or madam.

From the beginning of the semester I paid a strong attention to Ryan because I felt that missing two classes (because of the Ireland game) was a situation that put him at a disadvantage to the rest of the group. My initiatives were to constantly offer him alternatives to catch up with practical class work, which is a fundamental element of language learning.   But these initiatives have not been successful. In addition to the two excused absences due to his work with the football team, he has missed four times without justification or prior notice. So far he has completed only one assignment. And frankly at this point I think he would have to make a big effort to pass the course, because although his level of Spanish is not bad, and his first quiz was ok, this is a course of many small assignments, and constant work, and in those aspects Ryan has not met the minimum requirements.